cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ZSTD_SYS_USE_PKG_CONFIG
TARGET = Some("aarch64-apple-darwin")
OPT_LEVEL = Some("0")
HOST = Some("aarch64-apple-darwin")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_aarch64-apple-darwin
CC_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_aarch64_apple_darwin
CC_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CC
HOST_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
DEBUG = Some("true")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
exit status: 0
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_aarch64-apple-darwin
AR_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_aarch64_apple_darwin
AR_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_AR
HOST_AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR
AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
ARFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
ARFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_ARFLAGS
HOST_ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS
ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rustc-link-lib=static=zstd
cargo:rustc-link-search=native=/Users/botirkhaltaev/Desktop/GuardianAI/rule_based_security_engine/target/debug/build/zstd-sys-14c589d86f0e185b/out
cargo:root=/Users/botirkhaltaev/Desktop/GuardianAI/rule_based_security_engine/target/debug/build/zstd-sys-14c589d86f0e185b/out
cargo:include=/Users/botirkhaltaev/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/zstd-sys-2.0.10+zstd.1.5.6/zstd/lib
